It was a pretty clear sky day and birds were chirping but the clouds were clearing and there was a

nice cool breeze with a soft warm touch of the sun hitting the students as they piled in through

the gates. Val stood with her back straight, watching her eyes drifting over the students'

uniforms and making sure and faces and watching as they all came through. A small smile on their face

as she saw the pride of the school walking through the gates. Clear cut. Iron uniforms,

clearly spressed, the symbol of society that she wanted to aspire to, the level of effort she

wanted to put into the world and slowly a scowl spread. Two girls, clearly one year below her stop

with her glares and they see where she's looking. Their skirts yanked just a little too high above

their knee and she barely has to react before they adjust their skirts and push them down.

Dictator Val is out and not in the open today. They murmur as they scuttle by saying sorry about

their and higher voices to ensure they didn't hear their complaints. She shirks it off. She knows

it's part of the course but she'll do what's necessary to maintain the order of this school

and the respective establishment deserves. The school used to be an all-boys school and now

as it has been converted to co-ed she was elected as the class president in one of the first classes

to admit women and as such she was determined to make this school a safe and enjoyable experience

for all of the other women in her class as well as the ones coming hoping to improve the enrollment

quota such that there would be more women. Dogs for the most part especially at this age

left to throw in devices with the female population to keep their hormones in check. They

were impossible to deal with her first year constantly.

Dealing with kids, smoking, name con, cat con, uni, constantly.

Val didn't care because in this district this was by far the cheapest school to attend

that's still unsure that she would get into her top listed universities that she cared to get into.

Her family was for the most part fairly destitute but her mother worked laboriously and tirelessly

to ensure that her and her sister were able to go to good schools and ensure like maximum

potential output with the competitiveness in the market today she wouldn't settle with them to go

into public schools and often were doubles and and overnights to ensure that there was money

to pay for tuition even if it meant for going a few meals.

And the same is being valid, taking up some responsibility yourself but she tried to do

her best at school to ensure that you know her mother's laborers were not for naught and she was

able to you know come through her first year with straight A's and the best marks in the class.

She was even one of the best performers on the sports team or in sports classes and recruited

to multiple teams but it declined the issue at the time to to attend and eventually it ceded to

taking class president because she saw the value in her academic career going that way and so

here she was standing at the gate the tyrant known as Val the Tick-Taker who

or Val the Terrible ensured that students made made it through the gate while meeting the utmost

visible and and aesthetic requirements of the school hand guide.

She was about to close up then she saw down the street three of the biggest troublemakers in the

school two of them had already been college bringing weed onto campus and the others was

known for maintaining his piercings in class even when they weren't allowed.

They made their way up Kate immediately scowling as they saw her there and they

made faces and reproach and tried to walk past her as if they didn't really care about her presence.

Stop she barked and then waited as much as they didn't like to they they they did anyways and they

they avoided eye contact at first but then they cleared out her point importantly what do you need

Val hear that hear that hear that hear that to ruin another perfectly good day of freedoms and and

enjoyment no I don't need to take much from you when you already have so little but

I will not let you go through those doors with those piercing still in

well I think you're just going to take them off of me then Val watched his face closely

she knew his his middle piercing was a fake one because she'd seen him take it out before

but his earrings were real enough and she had no intention of getting those out

but he was glaring down at her and standing over her about a head taller than her

and he was trying to intimidate him and she didn't stand to bullies so she figured you know why not

at least put some fear into him and so she just took out her phone and decided to take a picture

and said look you don't I don't have to yank it out but if I take this picture to our admissions board

they will so we can do it simple or we can do it hard and she clicked the picture

and after the distinct snap he of the camera he his eyes widened he grabbed her hand immediately

grabbing trying to grab her phone she had grown up in a household of all women and so that had

been to plenty of self-defense classes but this time she knew the exact one that would scare him

the most and she reached up and just yanked his his fake nose ring out from his nose

though though fake it's still it's still causing considerable discomfort to feel it pulled away

so quickly and he helped she looked down at it and looked back up at him and explained oh I

thought it was real I thought that would hurt more um clearly no ready uh pushing him to test

her will and her willingness to hurt him back he immediately released his grip from her hand and

put his hand to his nose where there was a slight trickle just from the force

just next time

balustrate in yourself and looked him dead in the eye so the next time you put your hands on me

I'll do more than just make give you a bloody nose she said now get your things off and get the

fucking side and then she waited

he looked like he was about to start something but then he crumbled and walked his way

treasure's way through as the the morning bell rang

and scene one

you

[BLANK_AUDIO]

